Rework release team lead handbook & init release team lead progress issue (#2100)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/release-team-lead/README.md

## Code Freeze

Depending on the number of exceptions code freeze will be a very busy time.

**To triage an exception request follow the following guidelines:**
1. Open a slack thread in `#sig-release` to open the discussion. 
Example message:

```md
`@exception-request-author` filed an exception request for [KEP: `name-of-the-kep`](`https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/XXX`). This thread is intended for the discussion of this request ([criteria](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/releases/EXCEPTIONS.md#exception-criteria)). PRs: [`PR-NUMBER`](`https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/PR-NUMBER`)
cc @release-team-leads
```
2. Collect input from responsible sig-leads and require ask for a green light
3. Approved exception requests must be merged prior to the rc.0 cut; therefore, do not extend the deadline for an exception request if its after the rc.0 cut
4. Give enough time to get consensus

## Working with the Release Team Calendar

> To get access to the [release team calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=kipmnllvl17vl9m98jen6ujcrs%40group.calendar.google.com) reach out to a sig-release TL or chair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get access to the [release team calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=kipmnllvl17vl9m98jen6ujcrs%40group.calendar.google.com) reach out to a SIG Release tech lead or chair.
```
